= timesheet

* http://github.com/jschank/timesheet

== DESCRIPTION:

<i>Timesheet</i> is simple ruby application for tracking time spent on projects.
It is a console application that uses a simple text file storage back-end (YAML::Store)

The main idea is to be able to produce reports of hours spent, such that I can use geektool to display the reports.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

with <i>timesheet</i> you can:

* <b>add</b> new entries to the database
* <b>edit</b> existing entries
* <b>delete</b> existing entries
* <b>list</b> existing entries, and specify a time range
* <b>produce</b> simple reports

== SYNOPSIS:

<i>Timesheet</i> is a script for keeping track of time spent on various projects.

=== Usage:

	timesheet [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]

COMMAND is any of the following:
	add
	edit
	delete
	list
	report

OPTIONS are:
<tt>--debug, -d</tt>:: Show debugging information while processing
<tt>--version, -v</tt>:: Print version and exit
<tt>--help, -h</tt>:: Show this message

=== For help run:

 	timesheet COMMAND --help

for more information on a specific command.

=== Your Data

your <i>timesheet</i> data will be stored in a hidden directory under your user account. <i>Timesheet</i> figures out
where this is by referencing the "HOME" environment variable. The default location is therefore:
<tt>/Users/someuser/.timesheet/store.yaml</tt>

You may override this location to any specific location you want by setting the "TIMESHEET_DATA_FILE" environment variable.
This should be the full path to where you want the data stored. Including filename and extension.
You only need to set this if you are unsatisfied with the default location.

=== the .idea folder

This project was created using RubyMine 2.0, and that IDE stores its state in the .idea folder.
If you aren't using RubyMine, you can delete it.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

  sudo gem install timesheet

== To Do

- Add indicator in reports for start or end times which had to be trimmed
- Add indicator in reports that exclude comments, that comments are available, when they are, i.e. after a summary,
you might want to know that you should do a detail, or byday report
- Add option to produce pdf file, for this to work, I need to ensure that all the reports are using <b>ruport</b>.
- If comments get too long, we may want to exclude them from the detail report
- Add a new command to inspect a single entry. Just dump all the fields for a given record number
- Might want to track comments separately and/or make an entries comments an array rather than a single comment.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 John F. Schank III

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.